vmsingle: properly proxy requests to all supported vmalert paths (#10179)
VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics: docs/victoriametrics/changelog/CHANGELOG.md

## tip

> * BUGFIX: [vmsingle](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/victoriametrics/single-server-victoriametrics/): properly proxy all supported VMAlert paths if `-vmalert.proxyUrl` is set. See [#10178](https://github.com/VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics/issues/10178).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* BUGFIX: [vmsingle](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/victoriametrics/single-server-victoriametrics/) and `vmselect` in [VictoriaMetrics cluster](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/victoriametrics/cluster-victoriametrics/): properly proxy requests to [vmalert](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/victoriametrics/vmalert/) when `-vmalert.proxyURL` flag is set. See [#10178](https://github.com/VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics/issues/10178).
```
